hi i'm sean martin i'm the head of
superhero harmonics martial arts of st.
helens today my assistant would be lars
up codes it's a tutorial on its haven't
used in some well sometimes words you
know but we were fortunate that we eat
today so we're going to use it as a
combat Sambo technique you can cut this
on TV
okay so position first of all you caught
it on one side fish my left hand is
going to come all that right over our
shoulder and pulled towards me with her
draw in a good technique if it's all on
the head first of all you're gonna be
get struck through from these it's all
the hips if you can you always control
the hips with kappa chocolate knees
laughs I'm hitting it back on him and
the techniques not there so what I'm
going to do now is I'm going to bring my
right leg rates across blast in and
we'll shit my right leg right through
I'm going to do a nice summer roll
it's a star power position
the gaming will show it from this angle
and closes its I pinch which enslaves
away my left hand comes round
fuck the glass is now over to all of you
tight control the hip soften the knees
so that well beyond the head well try
and stop the knees to the body in the
head and then we've got the water
momentum over the shit through so what
does we do it I'll push it back a little
bit and then I sit through a deeper law
position again from this position
again for this position control luckily
his head and his hip ship my right leg
breakthrough and I put me hand across
his stand more strong sitting the usual
money momentum to cutting you through
into do don't start opposition and that
concludes my son won't throw if you want
to catch it more about me and you ww me
on my team as well wwe.com and this is
utopia tutorial on a summer throw thanks
for watching and you can catch a song on
it collective calm and which each other